## About Me
Hi, my name is Andrew. I am a software developer.
Professionally, I am a web developer, most recently working on .NET applications 
in the medical industry.
From my master's program, I also have experience with various
topics in AI, machine learning, and computer vision.
As a hobby, I enjoy working on game development using Unity.

You can find my public work on my github
[(https://github.com/14coruma)](https://github.com/14coruma)
and my portfolio
[(TBD)]().

## About this Blog
### Overview
As I invest more time into personal projects, I will use this dev blog as a
place to record my progress.
In each post, I will include updates on ongoing projects, things I
learned, and any other insights I have gained.
I hope that informally tracking this information could be both a benefit to me
and any readers who come across this blog.

At its conception, the impetus for creating this blog is to share updates on a 
video game that I am creating.
This will be a small scale turn-based RPG with fantasy elements.
The game is still in the design and prototyping stage, but be on the lookout for
future updates!

### Design
Currently, I am constructing this dev blog as a static site using:
* **React** - frontend framework
* **Typescript** - scripting
* **Bootstrap** - styling
* **Vite** - local development server
* **VS Code** - code editor
* [**GitHub Pages**](https://pages.github.com/) - static web hosting

So far, this has been a cheap and easy way to get content up on the web.
If I make any major changes to the blog's architecture, I will be sure
to invlude the updates in this blog.

Looking forward to sharing my personal development story!