## Planning and Design

Early into my current project, I decided to create a clear project plan. 
Of course plans change, but having a clear vision of what needs to be done 
will greatly increase chances of completing a project.

In this case, I am creating a small-to-mid scale video game. I did some research
on what kinds of tasks and tools I would need. Here is what I found.

#### Tasks
- **Game Design Document (GDD)**:
This is a document used to describe the game.
The GDD does not need to define every detail, but it should give a clear vision
and scope of the final product.
For my project, the GDD outlines these sections, among a few others:

    1. Overview
    1. Gameplay
    1. Mechanics
    1. Graphics and Audio
    1. Story and narrative
    1. Characters
    1. Brainstorm

* **Task management**:
Create a plan to organize and manage tasks. This should include both high-level 
and day-to-day tasks.

* **Create git repo**: Need a way to version control code.
* **Marketing**: Plan to raise awareness for the game. This way, the final 
product will not go unnoticed.
* **Prototype**: Quickly code up the core game loop. Do not worry about any
visuals, animations, or sounds. For my prototype,
I am not even including things like procedural generation or level progression.
This prototype should give users an idea of
how the game will feel. Is the core game loop fun? If so, that is a good
indicator of how the final product will feel. Any changes you want to make after
playing the prototype? Now would be a good time to update the GDD.
* **Alpha**: Create an initial version of the game. Still does not need perfect
audio or visual assets, but the core game loop should be fully flushed out.
Some auxilary systems should be in place as well. For example, for the Alpha
I will have procedural level generation and player progression mechanics.
After completion of the Alpha, do some internal testing to check for bugs or 
gameplay issues.
* **Beta**: Flush out the more advanced topics in the game. Should be complete
with functional menus, UI/UX, saving/loading state, audio and visuals, etc..
Essentially, the Beta should give users a clear vision of the game, without
being completely production ready. The Beta should be tested by external users.
This could be friends, family, hired users, or even as far as an early release
on Steam. This is a way to get feedback on the game before it is fully
implemented.
* **Release**: Final version of the project! This should be totally 
production-ready.

#### Tools
* **Google Drive**: Using docs and sheets for designs, plans, and major
task management.
* **Trello**: This is a kanban tool.
I use this for day-to-day tasks, particularly focussed on coding TODOs.
* **GitHub**: Version control
* **Unity**: Game engine
* **[Open Game Art](https://opengameart.org/)**: Open source assets (sprites, 
music, and sounds) for game design. Great for prototyping.
* **Visual Studio**: Editor for C#, which is my Unity language of choice

---------------------------

## Game Summary
> In this turn-based RPG dungeon crawler, players take on the role of a low-class adventurer bidding on contracts to explore treacherous dungeons and complete various tasks. As they progress, they earn money to upgrade their gear and decorate their personal home, offering both gameplay challenges and a sense of personal growth. With simple yet engaging mechanics, the game strikes a balance between strategic dungeon exploration, character progression, and the satisfaction of building a home.